doc: rewrite Working with nRF53 user guide (#4816)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/ug_nrf9160.rst

The Secure Partition Manager sample is automatically included in the build for the ``nrf9160dk_nrf9160ns`` build target.
To disable the automatic inclusion of the Secure Partition Manager sample, set the option :option:`CONFIG_SPM` to "n" in the project configuration.

Trusted Firmware-M (TF-M) support
---------------------------------

You can use Trusted Firmware-M (TF-M) as an alternative to :ref:`secure_partition_manager` for running an application from the non-secure area of the memory.

Support for TF-M in |NCS| is currently experimental.
TF-M is a framework which will be extended for new functions and use cases beyond the scope of SPM.

> If your application does not depend or does not use the secure services developed in SPM, then TF-M can replace SPM as the secure firmware component in your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your application does not depend on the secure services developed in SPM or does not use them, TF-M can replace SPM as the secure firmware component in your application.
```
